alright what's up everybody so a lot of
people are wanting to get into pc and
gaming and a lot of people think that it
costs a whole lot of money but actually
this video is going to be how to build a
three-hundred-dollar gaming PC that i
can guarantee will play hi to ultra
settings at 1080p the build that I'm
going to be describing to you I actually
built for my girlfriend and I've tested
it out and it's it's completely solid so
let's get started the intel pentium g
3220 is going to be the processor that
we use it's the dual core intel haswell
so it will support your new i7 4770 I
fives you know the fourth gin so and
that starts off at $55 moving down to
the motherboard we have the MSI h81 mp3
3 micro ATX motherboard for fifty bucks
holds 16 gigabytes of ddr3 RAM next for
the ram i chose crucial for four
gigabyte it's a 1 by 4 stick you know i
clocked at 1600 and that is thirty-five
dollars next we have for our storage
we're going to have seagate HD you know
just turn for the year by it's not a
whole lot but you can always get more in
it it's good to just start off with you
know you can hold couple games on there
and you know this is just a budget build
all right must get the video card in
right for right now at least in the
storage was $32 now the case is the
rosewill fbm one micro ATX case and it's
priced at thirty dollars just a cheap
case enough you know big enough to put a
graphics card in and
but it's a little bit crammed up and
then lastly we're going to go to the
power supply it's the EVGA 500 watt it's
80 plus certified it's 40 bucks 500
watts and i believe it's 40 amps on a
single 12 volt rail so you could put a
pretty beefy car in with that you're not
going to get like the 770 or the 780 or
like a you know a 280 or X or 290 in it
but you will be able to get something
that will produce out oh you know a good
amount of gaming ok so with those parts
after the discounts and all that it
comes out to 240 164 that's without the
video card so you're probably wondering
well there's no video card that i can
get decent for 60 bucks well however
that is a lie but in my name dean got a
r9 290 for about 175 US dollars cheaper
than it usually normally is off ebay so
what I decided to do was see what I
could get on ebay for 60 bucks and what
I found was the AMD radeon 6870 for
fifty dollars is a one gigabyte card but
it is pretty powerful however I did find
r7 260x from $92 two gigabyte which
would run solid and it puts you about
mmm you know 331 332 but if you're
absolutely stuck at that 300 you could
get like a 68 70 and I actually seen as
6950 for $65 so you could look at the
6000 series the upper 6000 series which
if you if you want to know how well
those
I just type in like 6870 watch dogs and
just see how well it plays watch dogs
that's that's the game i would use right
now because it's the newest game out
that is very demanding I don't think
this computer would actually play watch
dogs because it has a six gigabyte RAM
minimum requirement oh I don't know if
it will play it or not so you might have
to put in that second stick of four
gigabyte roots and other than that
though I mean for three hundred dollars
you're going to be able to play most
games at Ultra like Battlefield 4 you
know especially with a radeon cards
you're going to get a high frame rates
in battlefield you know you want to play
dayz standalone stomping land you know
all these new games are coming out
you're going to be able to play this for
it's just 300 bucks so definitely give
this a bit build a try if you're wanting
to start gaming on the pc this is
definitely a great entry computer and it
can have so many upgrades for if you
want to get into really hardcore gaming
or video editing this is what you know
this is a good building you know good
foundation thanks for your time